alright what's up everybody gia barthel
barthel fitness we are actually in the
bartell fitness warehouse in my office
um got my big desk you got some
motivational posters you guys looking
for some motivational posters like this
one right here is awesome read it every
day it's called great minds great quotes
got that on Amazon Amazon this green to
get you guys sell some little simple
artwork stuff to put up and your places
of work or just places you hang out just
to motivate you and keep your mind fresh
that's a what I think is important today
we're going to think about protein and
it's super hot I travel the AC because
it's loud but we're talking about
protein okay and one thing I kind of
want to point out is I'm going to be
doing a little bit of a miniseries on
this because the answer to this has some
variables to it we're going to be
speaking about how many grams of protein
you should be consuming per day you know
based on who you are as an individual
there's some things we need to look at I
think when people answer this question
and when people think about this
question a lot of people are guilty of
focusing far too much on the protein
number well that's what we're trying to
figure out right now we still need to
understand and have the knowledge of the
foundation of information that it's not
just about protein while protein is
definitely the key factor to building
and repairing muscle tissue you still
need to get carbohydrates you still need
to get fat you can't be a 250-pound
individual 100 grams of carbs eat 40
grams of fat any 300 grams of protein
and expect to put on size because guess
what you are still in an extreme caloric
deficit most likely depending on your
physical activity level you can't just
eat a ton of protein and then magically
put on mass it's a combination of your
diet as a whole that's why we look at
everything so in the coming videos
you're going to see me be talking about
the amount of carbohydrates you need
amount facts that you need and then
we'll probably even do a little bit of a
video series because those will be based
on generics and they will talk about
well if you're bulking do this if you're
cutting do this they all seem to do a
little more specific videos for people
who are trying to put out sighs and
people who are trying to cut but today
let's just kind of get past that just
know that we will be covering that right
now let's speak specifically on the
amount of protein that you need first
things first is a lot of information out
there
if you do your research everybody's and
recommend different stuff but the truth
is the research is kind of its kind of
iffy the actual research done on people
that are relevant meaning people who
live weights that's a majority of you
out there men and women who lift weights
use resistance training on your dominant
style form of exercise just because
those people obviously and if you're not
aware are going to need that a little
bit more than say an endurance athlete
somebody who's breaking down muscle
tissues as a whole as opposed to someone
who's you know running 30 miles a week
are going to have different protein
requirements so I'm targeting the people
who use resistance training as dominant
style and form of training so we got
that down okay there's a ton of
different information you can see
everything from low protein like saying
you don't need this much your body only
simulate so much protein at a certain
time which is but you know you
can go as low as some people saying half
a gram per pound there's been research
around the lowest is like point 36 per
pound point 75 you see some of your
removable people r mb 1 gram 1.5 2 grams
even up okay so let's just kind of give
you my opinion my rule of thumb I I'm a
protein guy I like protein I think it's
important to make sure you're getting a
certain amount I think a good ballpark
would you see a lot of places and I'm
going to kind of reiterate here is
getting at least one gram of protein per
body weight so if you wait 250 pounds
you're going to eat 250 pounds of
protein but I think this is where we try
to get and this is where you going to
sing talk about carbohydrates and go
into it I might do a video on protein
and your sensitivity to carbohydrates
and manipulating your requirements but
if you're the type of person who can
seem to get away with lower
carbohydrates okay you tend to operate
well energies good and everything in
between you know some people when you
lower the carbs their energy sucks no my
kind of stuff but if you one of those
people where your carbohydrates to be a
little bit lower those are the people I
like to increase their protein up a
little bit I can do pretty well more
carbohydrates so I have my protein I try
to get about 1.5 2 1.75 grams per pound
of protein per gram so there are times
where I like to have protein a little
bit higher just understand you don't
just have high protein and then also new
build muscle I know a lot of people who
still hit their calorie
mark but they're seriously so low I want
some new an individual weighed about 350
grams protein this Python or sixty pound
male about 350 grams of protein right
something insane like a hundred grams of
carbs and a little bit of fat he's like
yeah and then I'm not getting any carbs
well he's not understanding that your
body will go through i believe it's
pronounced gluconeogenesis where your
body actually converts and one of the
things that they can be conferred to
convert several things into glucose or
basically think of that as carbs you
know sugar is ready for the body it'll
actually convert amino acids or your
protein into usable glucose so it's like
man you may not think you're eating
carbs but you actually are getting in
glucose because your body is inefficient
it's going through in my opinion
inefficient process to create glucose
for the body to use so you have to have
a balance that as a whole that's kind of
what I'm getting at get yourself at
least one gram I I will go out there and
say that I do like a little bit higher
1.25 maybe to 1.5 grams of protein what
I want you guys to do it seems like
we're kind of an age where a lot of
people seem to be more to other diets
why don't you put down your weight below
in pounds or whatever you want to do and
then in the comments put your weight and
the next to it put how many grams of
protein you hit per day and then any
little opinions you got on there right
now I'm around 245 pounds and I eat
around 300 to 320 grams of protein per
day that's what i do i keep my
approaching a little bit higher always
do that's just what i like and I've been
working for me okay and my cars are
still there my fast are still there and
that's how you get results okay so in
future videos you guys are going to see
me talk about this some relevance to
carbs and fats because it can get a
little bit more detail on when to
manipulate things when to change things
because obviously like I mentioned you
can't just eat protein to put a muscle
okay so hopefully you guys appreciated
the video I'm jl barthel went bar though
good news i want to show you guys
something cool this is relevance to
tomorrow if you guys don't want to learn
anything about my products to watch
after this but i got some sick i got six
new hats coming out i'm actually rock
alone right now and this new thermal we
gotta release coming tomorrow which is i
believe august twenty seven tomorrow
night okay we're going to do it 8p
central standard time but got six new
hats got a bunch of clothing items i got
this thermal which is pretty sweet but
i'm going to show you guys all the hat
so I need you guys to vote I want you
guys to tell me which one's your
favorite this is the black and military
one all right snapback they're all
snapbacks this releases all snapbacks we
got that what I like to call the clean
and fresh the kind of Raider color but
this one's pretty clean goes with
everything only the strong survives
pretty sweet this one's my personal
favorite I like camel stuff and this one
is pretty sweet giant giant fans you
guys like this almost wrong survives
black and orange I like that this one's
pretty exotic it's got snake skin on it
it's not real snake skin but it's a nice
bill right there no pain no glory BAM
this one's pretty sweet it's like a dark
black denim mesh snapback on the strong
survive kind of a black on black look
and then from a lot and great in black
people man it's hot in here check that
out we stepped it up I've got some sick
hats I'm dropping this one today so
check that out guys that's all coming
tomorrow I'll appreciate the support and
love see you guys soon peace